Canvas: Add configurable success message for button API calls (#115652)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas/index.md

| Content-Type | Select an option in the drop-down list. Choose from: JSON, Text, JavaScript, HTML, XML, and x-www-form-urlencoded. |
| Query parameters | Enter as many **Key**, **Value** pairs as you need. |
| Header parameters | Enter as many **Key**, **Value** pairs as you need. |

> | Success message | A message that will appear in a toast style notification when the button is pressed and the API call is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Success message | Enter a message that will appear if the API call is successful. If you leave the field empty, the default message "API call was successful" appears. |
```
